Diety: [[Talos, God of Storms]]   

My first memory is one of a storm. Miklav tells me I was to young to remember, maybe I have created this false memory, but I have it none the less. As an infant I was abandoned by my family, likely due to a heritage I had no part in other than my birth. I was placed in the Wildlands, deep enough that the ones who placed me did not wish for me to survive the night. I do not recall being placed there, but I do have recall of the sky, mostly covered by the trees and foliage. It was a dark, inky color, clouds swirled, spun, and darkened with rain, thunder shook the dirt below me, but it was the lightning that had my attention. Bright, vicious, and blood red in its path across the sky, it burned into my vision. I felt at peace, even in the midst of the storm, I believe this is when Talos touched me with his blessing. Miklov agrees I was blessed, as I would not have survived if the blood red lightning, a sign of Talos, had not beckoned him to me. And if a distant dark laughter had not echoed in his ears, he still may have left me there to die. Miklov was a large man, dark in his features and even darker in his cold, coal colored eyes. He demanded the utmost respect and would only bow his head to our god. He would murder anyone who opposed him or his beliefs without a change in expression and was just as cold in his education of me. Strength and loyalty were expected of me and he would beat me if I was not performing to his expectations. Though, I would get a small smile, just the slighted tug of the lips, when I did better than his expectations. The Wildland Temple of Talos was not an easy place to survive. I had to work through hunting, gathering, and guarding, even as a child. If a child did not survive their training it meant they had not deserved Talos’ blessings. I was blessed though, according to Miklov, this was why as long as I performed well, he would take me on the long journeys into towns to pick up supplies. Unlike some of the other children, who had never left the Wildlands. Life was not easy, but the Temple of Talos was home, and Miklov was the closest thing I had to family. So, when it was burned around me on the longest day of the year, in the suns bright light, not a cloud to be seen, rage came over me. Miklov was bleeding at the entrance of the temple, bodies of the heretics around him. The other followers of Talos running from the fires and heretics, running for their very lives. I stepped forward, ready to destroy them; Miklov grabbed my ankle, I kneeled down to him. “Run, the blessings of Talos still cling to you. Run, before they take your blessings too.” I hesitated, I had to obey him, it was the law, but I did not want these heretics to live when my people could not. He grabbed my wrist, dirt and blood clung to my skin, “Talos needs you to live, your life is not your own, remember that.” As if in response to his name, storm clouds appeared in the distance, and a streak of blood red lighting flashed across the sky. An omen, Talos was indeed calling. I locked eyes with Miklov, understanding I was needed for my god’s mission, I got up and ran to the storm.

From <[https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/Nyraakira/characters/50206362](https://www.dndbeyond.com/profile/Nyraakira/characters/50206362)>

Water Genasi Cleric

Wields Ring of Channel Lesser Ball Lightning from her mentor of the Church of Tempest Fall

Inhabitants of the Wildlands believe that the worship of Talos causes storms in the Wildlands, causing crops to be drowned and fires across the plains.

Many inhabitants, not being under the jurisdiction of any government, plan raids of the temples erected by followers of Talos, orchestrated by the God Torm

The same person who murdered Savannah family went to the Temple along with an attachment of Torm decides to steal an ancient artifact from the High Clergy. After passing the relic to Hailey, she was allowed to hide from the battle underground, and emerge to find everyone killed and the temple burned to the ground.

Conversation with her God

One night, a storm racks the beds with thunderous claps of lightning. You roll over in bed, not able to sleep as the night goes on. You walk to the window to watch the storm, and in a flash of light and the clap of thunder, your vision goes black. You open your eyes, to view yourself among the clouds, looking down on the world from ungodly heights. The storm raging around you deafening your ears and blinding your vision. As you fall to the invisible ground that are the clouds, you feel the touch of water on your skin. And then you feel it. A hand resting on your shoulder. As you feel this touch, the sounds of thunder crashing and the lights flashing subside. You hear a voice, low and melancholy. As it speaks you look up to see a figure of a man, made completely of clouds and storms. It says,

"Hello my follower of the Tempest. We have long been watching over you. You serve more of a purpose than you know. You were meant to serve under your master priest, but you have been retooled elsewhere. Prove yourself with these powers I grant to you, ensure you pray daily to the Wielder of the Tempest, and fight for the Storm. Many will look down upon you, my child, but carry on with the fury of the Tempest behind you. I rain on you, and for others."

As the figure finishes this, they place their hands on their shoulders, arms parallel. Then they clap and you wake up with a start on the floor of your room in the tavern. As you go to bed, you fall directly to sleep. The claps of thunder and flashes of lightning going into the night, you sleep soundly, and you wake in the morning feeling refreshed.